Team Members:
Hayden White (Hopfully some more team members in the future)

How would you pitch your game in one line?
It is a relaxed game where you play as one of the Windborne, and you must find the remaining fragments of the light to piece the world back together.

What is the key mechanic(s) that make it fun?
Since it is based around the idea of wind, you have the ability to float, or glide. This plays into other machanics, like being blown off course by a breeze, or having to judge a gap correctly to 
glide across it. There are a few different biomes, each with there own challenges, like shifting sands, floating islands, and narrow passageways. I want to add a few more things (Like the ability to 
jump dunes in the dunes biome), but right now I am going to focus on those main mechanics.


How does the game actually play?
The main story as of now is that you are one of the Windborne, and you must find the light fragments, which when colleceted, gives the world its colour. In each biome, there is a landmark, and once
all of the fragments are collected, that landmark comes alive, or activates in some way. In the story, these landmarks are what stabalize the world, and they need to stay activated to keep the world
in balance.

How will you keep players engaged for 30 minutes? What's the general scope of your game?
The gameplay will change because as you progress, you will travel to different biomes, which have there own unique challenges. For example, the Golden Dunes biome has mirages, which look like the fragments,
along with shifting sands, which occasianally cover the fragments, and if timed correctly, those sands can be used to gain speed and jump dunes, at the cost of control. Fragments will also be dynamically
generated once all of the main mechanics are completed, which will add replayability.

In total there are 5 biomes with different landmarks and level styles, and once the player has activated all of the landmarks, there will be a ending cutscene.

Remember: Focus on gameplay mechanics and player experience. Save the details about story, art style, sound design, UI flowcharts, marketing plans, or achievements for later.
